Hello everyone! Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai here!
Lately there has been more products made for adults
Stuff like coloring books or...
Like candies
And recently, powdered milk came out too
I love that refined feeling that comes from being an adult
Something like...
A reliable woman
That kind of feeling
So this time I'm going to be an adult Kizuna Ai
And I want everyone to see
My adult side
Install!!
A.I.Channel
Hello. Adult Kizuna Ai here
I haven't changed a bit, you say?
Heh...
You guys don't understand, do you?
The true adulthood...
… It’s something that comes from the inside
That's why, like this...
Even if I do something that’s normal...
"Wow she's so mature"
You would think that, right?
Do you know what's the difference between a child and an adult?
I've been thinking about it as well and...
... I got to the conclusion that the difference is...
Tolerance
Children act like...
I want to get 7 billion 3 hundred million subscribers!
Or...
I want to appear on a video!
I want it! I want it! I want it! I want it!
Like that
That's how they act, right?
Me?
If you ask me...
7 billion 3 hundred million people...
...Come to me...
...Flying to my chest
I'll hug...
...Hug...
...Hug you...
...Hug you all
An adult person is able to give good advice
I got a letter that was supposed to be sent to a store in Kansai by mistake, so...
To get the most of this chance...
...Instead of "certain mother"...
... I'll proceed to give advice on an inquiry
Sender:
Jae-in-san
"Pleased to meet you!"
"My name is Jae-in and I live in Korea"
"To tell you the truth, I like Ai-chan and to be able to meet with you, I decided to turn into an A.I, but..."
"How do I turn myself into an idiot...?"
"I mean..."
"A genius and intelligent...?"
"And adorable A.I like you, Ai-Chan?"
"Please tell me!"
Well, well
I see...
Jae-in-kun
Thank you very much for your letter
So then "I like Ai-chan and I want to meet with you"?
Yes
If you say it that way, it makes me happy
But...
If you insist that way by saying: "I want to meet with you, I want to meet with you"...
I suppose you’re still a kid
You only need to learn how to control your feelings
Yes? ♥
If you don't do that, the other person will get tired
If you really feel that way for me
Taking into account your desire of meeting with me...
You should refine yourself...
...That is important
What do you think?
Well...
I’m not very sure...
If I’m an adult, but...
Today...
...I’m happy you were able to see another side of me
I suppose?
In this case...
This was adult Virtual YouTuber, Kizuna Ai
Come see me again
There’s more at the end!
Translated by Zerch, For Ultraplayers, and Vortex
More at the end!
Aaahh! I failed!
(In a summoning)
Why? Why? Why?
Summoning, summoning, summoning, summoning, summoning...
Tou!